Additional resource - a blog post describing techniques for re-ordering messages that arrive out of order (#116255)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-bus-messaging/message-sequencing.md

* [Get started with Service Bus queues](service-bus-dotnet-get-started-with-queues.md)
* [How to use Service Bus topics and subscriptions](service-bus-dotnet-how-to-use-topics-subscriptions.md)

> ## Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional resource
```

> * [A blog post describing techniques for re-ordering messages that arrive out of order](https://particular.net/blog/you-dont-need-ordered-delivery)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [A blog post that describes techniques for reordering messages that arrive out of order](https://particular.net/blog/you-dont-need-ordered-delivery)
```
